Bring me the map of Linjiang City
How is the grain in Linjiang City generally transported?
Naturally, there are two methods of transportation: water and land.
However, Linjiang City is known as the Qingshui River civilization
More surface transportation
Short time and low loss
I don't know what good plan Mr. Gao has in mind
The largest grain merchants in Linjiang City
Lord Du knows
Of course Zhao Qian
Everyone of Anlin Temple
These four families have been talking about drama in Linjiang City for many years
Powerful
Take advantage of this national disaster
It is crazy to sweep all the food in the city
It also attracted some local small grain merchants
Farming bees with the same food
It also caused food prices to drop in just a few decades
Nearly tripled
But now His Majesty has just ascended the throne
Linjiang City has a strong folk style
It is not appropriate to forcibly suppress
Otherwise there will be chaos
No one can afford the consequences then
OK
Then ask Lord Du to prepare a table of good wine and food
Help me entertain Zhao Qian and Han Lin four good businesspeople
Mr. Gao is telling the truth
This move has already been worked hard
It just didn't work.
Bone gravity
Take this God-given opportunity to amass food
How can you let go easily?
You do it
Then the lower official will depend on the means of the tall man
Lord Gao, these Liangshan are all old foxes
I want them to lower the price.
That's probably harder than killing them
They can talk
Five characters minimum.
Five words is already their limit
Lord Du, be calm
You are the parent officer on the front line
You are in a mess
How to comment on the price?
Take the official
Let's see what Master Gao does
The four major families of Hanlian have arrived
Ah!
Ah, the four families.